example-workload/httpproxy: Add missing README.md (#4476)
projectcontour/contour: examples/example-workload/httpproxy/README.md

# HTTPProxy

> This directory contains example code for run contour with HTTPProxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains example `HTTPProxies` demonstrating different aspects of its functionality.
```

Reviewer 2: done

> Most subdirectories contain a (complete) set of Kubernetes YAML that can be applied to a cluster.

Reviewer: I think we can drop this sentence, it seems more relevant to subdirs that have YAML for _installing_ Contour.

Reviewer 2: done
